{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f3\fnil\fcharset134 STSongti-SC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green41\blue57;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c0\c16078\c22353;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
{\info
{\title AppDelegate Class Reference}}\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/vikasrawat/Desktop/TrackYourWalk/docs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Docs}}
\f0\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3  (95% documented)\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/vikasrawat/Desktop/TrackYourWalk/docs/index.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Reference}}  AppDelegate Class Reference \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/vikasrawat/Desktop/TrackYourWalk/docs/Classes.html"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Classes}}\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/vikasrawat/Desktop/TrackYourWalk/docs/Classes/AppDelegate.html"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 AppDelegate}}\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3  \
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "file:///Users/vikasrawat/Desktop/TrackYourWalk/docs/Classes/ViewController.html"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 ViewController}}\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa319\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 AppDelegate\
\pard\tx692\pardeftab692\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 \outl0\strokewidth0 The UIApplicationDelegate protocol defines methods that are called by the singleton UIApplication object in response to important events in the lifetime of your app.\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 window\cf3 \ulnone \strokec3  
\f0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 UIwindows Instance\u8232 \u8232 
\b Declaration\uc0\u8232 
\b0 Swift\uc0\u8232 
\f2 var window: UIWindow?\uc0\u8232 
\f0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 application(_:didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:)\cf3 \ulnone \strokec3  
\f0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 Called as application is loaded in the memory and finished launch\u8232 \u8232 
\b Declaration\uc0\u8232 
\b0 Swift\uc0\u8232 
\f2 func application(_ application: UIApplication, didFinishLaunchingWithOptions launchOptions: [UIApplicationLaunchOptionsKey: Any]?) -> Bool\uc0\u8232 
\f0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 applicationWillResignActive(_:)\cf3 \ulnone \strokec3  
\f0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 Sent when the application is about to move from active to inactive state. This can occur for certain types of temporary interruptions (such as an incoming phone call or SMS message) or when the user quits the application and it begins the transition to the background state.Use this method to pause ongoing tasks, disable timers, and invalidate graphics rendering callbacks. Games should use this method to pause the game.\u8232 \u8232 
\b Declaration\uc0\u8232 
\b0 Swift\uc0\u8232 
\f2 func applicationWillResignActive(_ application: UIApplication)\uc0\u8232 
\f0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 applicationDidEnterBackground(_:)\cf3 \ulnone \strokec3  
\f0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 Use this method to release shared resources, save user data, invalidate timers, and store enough application state information to restore your application to its current state in case it is terminated later.If your application supports background execution, this method is called instead of applicationWillTerminate: when the user quits.\u8232 \u8232 
\b Declaration\uc0\u8232 
\b0 Swift\uc0\u8232 
\f2 func applicationDidEnterBackground(_ application: UIApplication)\uc0\u8232 
\f0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 applicationWillEnterForeground(_:)\cf3 \ulnone \strokec3  
\f0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 Called as part of the transition from the background to the active state; here you can undo many of the changes made on entering the background.\u8232 \u8232 
\b Declaration\uc0\u8232 
\b0 Swift\uc0\u8232 
\f2 func applicationWillEnterForeground(_ application: UIApplication)\uc0\u8232 
\f0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 applicationDidBecomeActive(_:)\cf3 \ulnone \strokec3  
\f0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 Restart any tasks that were paused (or not yet started) while the application was inactive. If the application was previously in the background, optionally refresh the user interface.\u8232 \u8232 
\b Declaration\uc0\u8232 
\b0 Swift\uc0\u8232 
\f2 func applicationDidBecomeActive(_ application: UIApplication)\uc0\u8232 
\f0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 applicationWillTerminate(_:)\cf3 \ulnone \strokec3  
\f0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 Called when the application is about to terminate. Save data if appropriate. See also applicationDidEnterBackground:.\u8232 \u8232 
\b Declaration\uc0\u8232 
\b0 Swift\uc0\u8232 
\f2 func applicationWillTerminate(_ application: UIApplication)\uc0\u8232 
\f0 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \'a9 2017 . All rights reserved. (Last updated: 2017-09-23)\
Generated by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/realm/jazzy"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 jazzy 
\f3 \uc0\u9834 \u9835 
\f0  v0.8.3}}, a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://realm.io/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 Realm}} project.\
}